- Roger that,
Mercer Control,
continuing to monitor
life support
and flight navigation.
- Copy that. ABT sub-carrier
signal reading 2 0 9er.
- Aww, man.
Hey, did you pack the food?
- No. Why?
- 'Cuz look...
Your chocolate got mixed
in with my peanut butter.
- Orrrr...maybe
your peanut butter
got in with my chocolate.
- Noooo...Mmm...
that tastes good.
- Hmm...
Chocolate and peanut butter.
- Yeah. They're two great tastes
that taste great together.
- Huh...
Wait'll Earth hears
about this.
- Right. Hey, let's
get some shut-eye.
- Nah, I'm tired.
Let's get some sleep.
I'll kill the lights.
- Oh!!!
Dang it, Neil!
Turn the gravity back on.
All right, all right,
I'm sorry! Hang on.
- Artificial gravity,
artificial gravity...
[ all talking ]
- Hey...
Hey, has it been on yet?
- Not yet!
It should be
coming on any minute!
- I'll get you my pretty.
-'Kay tweeners!
Food's ready!
Hope your mouths are!
[ blows whistle ]
- Back on the couch.
-Aw, c'mon Piper,
I just put out
all this nice food.
- Look...
The guy at the
TV station just texted me,
and said my commercial's
gonna be on
"in just a few minutes."
- We know, but
we're also hungry--
[ blows whistle ]
Good point.
- Okay boys, get some rest
up there in space.
We'll contact you at
o-eighthundred hours.
- Copy that.
- Sleep chambers,
activated and ready.
Glass sliding down.
Secure.
Locked.
- Heyyy...
- What th...?
- Hey! Open the door!
- Open the doors.
- What happened?
- It won't open.
- Did you push
a button?!?
- No!
- Wait wait wait...
Hold-hold on...
Hey!
What are you doing here?!?
- OH MY GOD!!!
- What's done is done.
- Yeah?
- Shirt?
Shirrrrrt?
- What's wrong with you?
- What?
This is my Fred Lobster shirt.
'Cuz you're in a Fred Lobster
commercial.
So I got this shirt.
- In honor of your commercial.
For Fred Lobster.
- Now I regret it.
- Piper!
It's your commercial!
- AHHHHHHHHHH,
MY COMMERCIAL'S ON!!!
- It's a new day
at Fred Lobster.
[ laughing ]
- It's me, it's me,
it's me...
Who knows lobs--
- We interrupt this broadcast
for breaking news.
- What the butt?!?
- And now: Trent Overunder
and Mary Gaperman.
- Mary, come on!
You can eat
the chicken wings later!
- I'm so sorry.
Is there any sauce
on my face?
- No, you're good.
- Where's my commercial?!?
- Hey, hey it's oka--
- Shhh!
- Trouble in outer space?
Yes.
We've just received a report
that some unknown person
has found his or her way
into NASA'S new
international
space station.
- Now Trent...
that space station
is located where?
- It's in space, Mary.
Hence the name "space station."
- That's right, Trent.
- Apparently, the mysterious
intruder has taken over
the station and is holding
the astronauts hostage.
- And we should point out
that one of those astronauts,
Jim Dickle, lives
right here in Swellview...
when he's not in space.
- Here's a photo
of Major Dickle,
taken last year at
Swellview's taco festival.
- No one cares!
Put my commercial
back on!
- Stay tuned to KLVY News
for more updates
on this developing situation.
- In space.
- Fredddd Lobster.
- For food!
- They bumped my whole
commercial!
For some stupid news thing
that nobody cares about!
- Yeah...who would care
about astronauts
being taken hostage
in outer space?
- I don't need your sarcasm.
[ beeping ]
- Hey, your watch just beeped.
- Ulch...I know.
I uh...gotta go call
my boss at Junk-N-Stuff.
- What about my commercial!
- We missed it.
- But they'll play it again!
- She's right,
they're supposed
to run it
a few times today.
- Ohhhh...
Then I'll go check
the front porch.
- Check it for WHAT?!?
- Ray.
- Henry!
There's an emergency in S--
Are you wearin' a Fred
Lobster shirt?
- Uh...Yeah.
- Why?
- 'Cuz my sister's in
a Fred Lobster commercial,
so I bought this shirt but-
- All right look,
there's no time
to talk about your shirt!
- But...
But you asked me.
- We have an emergency.
Guess where
we're goin'.
- To space?
- Not just space, Henry.
Outer space.
- Haha...
Wait, well how are you and I
gonna get to outers--
- Y'know... I was in
a Fred Lobster last week,
and they told me they didn't
have those shirts anymore.
- Uh...
Yeah, I had to order
this one online--
- Oh, so, you really wanna talk
about lobster shirts
while astronauts
are in danger?
- You're the one
who brought up the shirt!
- Just get to the Man Cave--
fast!
- Ulch...
Okay, I'm on my way.
- Bring the shirt.
- It all just kinda happened.
I wanted an after-school job.
But then,
an indestructible superhero
hired me to be his sidekick.
- Ah!
- Now we blow bubbles...
and fight crime.
Feels good.
[ theme music ]
- Call it.
- Up the tube!
- Aw, my boot!
- Ha!
- Schwoz...
I can see you.
- Go away!
Hahaha!
You missed me!
- How did he get up there?
- Come on Schwooozzz...
you're gonna have to
come down from there eventually.
- Leave me alone!
- Hahaha...
C'mon Schwoz...
I need it!
- No!
I'm saving it for marriage!
- Hey.
- Hi Henry!
- Whoa, what th--
Why is Schwoz--
- Ha!
Missed me, missed me!
You are very stoooopid.
- Those are not the lyrics!
- Ow, my shoe!!!
- Okay, what is
going on?
- Schwoz won't give Ray
the launch key
to his little rocket ship.
- Well why won't he--
Schwoz has a rocket ship?
- It's called the Love Shuttle!
- Why did Schwoz
build a Love Shuttle?
- For his honeymoon.
- Yeah he says
that when he gets married,
he wants to have his
honeymoon on the actual moon.
- Don't be ridiculous, Schwoz.
You're never getting married.
- It could happen!
There's women out
there who'll take anybody!
- Ahhhh!
Gimme that key!
Ahhhhhhhhhh!!!
- I think you
might be overreacting.
- May I?
- No no wait, Charlotte,
don't--ahhh!
- [ groaning ]
- Ha!
You...You shot
his butt.
- Owww....
- Hey!
Did you guys hear?!?
There's a hostage
situation up in space!
- We heard.
- We're aware.
- Well...did you know that
one of the astronauts
is from Swellview?!?
- Yesss.
- Yeah, Jim Dickle.
- [ groans ]
- Ohh...
Well, did you know I
was born with eleven toes,
but only nine on my feet?
- What'd he say?
- Eleven?
- Yeah.
Who's got news now?
- [ moans ]
[ alert beeping ]
- I'll check that.
- Hey, shouldn't you
be up at Junk-N-Stuff,
watching the store?
- Well, I have to
use the bathroom,
but the one upstairs
is broken.
- That's why we told you
to use the bathroom
across the street,
at the gas station.
- I'm no longer welcome
at that gas station.
- [ groaning ]
- Uh-ohhh.
You guys...
the space station's
gonna be orbiting
over Swellview in one hour.
- So?
- What does that mean?
- That if you guys don't
head up there soon,
you'll have to wait
another 24 vhours.
And by then it may
be too late!
- Come on, we have to
help those astronauts
at least the one
from Swellview.
- C'mon, Schwoz.
Give us the key
to your Love Shuttle.
- Wait, why doesn't
NASA just send up someone
up there to help
the astronauts?
- Yah. Call NASA.
- No no no no no no,
NASA just sent
a supply rocket
to the space station
two days ago.
It'll take 'em six months
to get another one
ready to send up.
- Well, can't we borrow
a rocket from China?
- No! No!
I am not getting inside
a Chinese rocket ever again!
- Hey, c'mon Schwoz.
Let us use your
Love Shuttle.
- Yeah.
You're never gonna need it.
- I will!
For when I get married!
- Oh, to what,
Schwoz?!?
What's gonna marry you?
- Even that robot girlfriend
you built for yourself,
Gerta, even she
left you.
- Nooo...we...
we're just taking a break.
- Oh come on!
- She turned herself
into a bird, Schwoz!
Then she flew away!
- When did that happen?
- Last season.
- So you mean winter.
- Yeah, that's what I meant.
- Look, buddy...
- D'ah-don't choke me.
- Are you planning
to marry someone
in the next...
ten hours?
- Well, I don't plan to, no.
- Okay, so, just lend us
your Love Shuttle,
and we'll bring it
right back.
- You promise
to be careful with it?
- We both promise.
- Now give us the launch key!
- Okaaaay.
Hold out your hand.
[ gargling ]
- Oh my god...
- I can't watch this...
but I can't look away...
[ choking ]
- What are you doing?
- Awww.
- Gross.
- It's wet.
- That's the launch key.
- All right, Jasper.
Looks like Captain Man
needs your help.
- Sure! Anything!
What do you need?
- You're a good boy.
- Okay Henry.
I'm now going to
insert the key
into the console.
- Uh...okay.
- I did it.
- Great.
- You are aboard
the Love Shuttle.
Welcome, Schwoz, and...
- [Schwoz's voice ]
Woman's name.
- Prepare for your honeymoon.
[ romantic music plays ]
- Schwoz...Schwoz!
How do I turn this
love music off?!?
- Aw, c'mon...
Love music isn't
for turning off.
It's for turning on.
- I got it.
[ music stops ]
- All right,
Henry and Ray...
We pre-set
the flight computer
to automatically take you
to the space station.
- Copy that.
And we are...
...prepped for launch.
- Hey Kid.
Let's go to space,
and kick some ace.
- Ha ha. To the stars.
- Hey...
Pretty cool.
- Yeah, I've never done that
sitting down before.
- Yeah, I wasn't sure
if it was gonna work.
- It's pretty good right?
- Yeah, but it did work.
- All right, you guys.
I just wanted to say...
be careful up there.
- Roger that.
- We copy.
- 'Cuz you two are the
only Ray and Henry I have.
- Thanks.
- Okay then.
- And...I've never said
this out loud before, but...
- Don't do this.
- I just wanted you
guys to know that--
- Hit it.
- Yeah. Launching.
- AHHHHHHHH!!!
- We're going to space!!!
- I know!
It's so fun!
- Woooooo!!!!!
- Haha!
- Space,
"the final frontier."
- What does that mean?
- Y'know...
"the final frontier"...
last place in the universe
that mankind
hasn't explored yet.
Space!
Ahhhh...
- What about oceans?
- Huh?
- Oceans.
I mean, we haven't explored
all parts of the oceans yet.
So, aren't they
an unexplored frontier?
Oceans?
- Okay, fine.
Space, "one of two
final frontiers."
Ahhhhh...
- What about parallel universes?
- What?
- Remember that time
that Charlotte and I
went to that parallel universe?
- I suppose.
- Well, there's probably
lots more parallel universes,
that none of us have explored,
so I guess you could say--
- Space!
"One of many,
many remaining frontiers."
- Yeah...
I like cartoons.
- You boys got any sugar on you?
- Piper, you haven't
gone to the bathroom
in four hours.
- And I'm not gonna!
'Cuz I know if I leave,
I'm gonna miss my commercial!
- But what about me?!?
I have to go, too.
- Are you in a commercial
for Fred Lobster?
- No.
- Then today's not about you,
is it, Narlee?!?
- I...I don't
follow your logic.
Nobody leaves this room
'til we all see
my Fred Lobster commercial!
- Sweetie...
We're recording
this channel all day.
- So?
- So...
When your commercial
comes on, it'll record
and then we'll
have it forever.
- But I wanna
watch it live.
- I understand but--
- It has to be live.
- But why can't--
- WE'LL DO IT LIVE!!!
- Okay.
[ TV beeps ]
- Ahhhh!
- Oh oh oh oh.
It's just asking
if we wanna record
"America's Got Salad."
- Oh my gosh!
I love that show!
- Me too,
I'll just press--
- No wait, Dad Dad Dad--
- Toilet Wars!
- Ahhhh.
- Dad, you changed the channel!
- I know, I know!
- Go back go back...
- I'm trying!
I think I changed the input!
- In the input!
- Oh no! I hit exit!
- Stop Dad!
- Where's backspace?!?
- What are you doing?!
- Look, I'm trying
as hard as I can!
- I got it!
- So, don't just eat lobster...
Eat Fred Lobster.
Freedddd Lobster.
-  For food!
- We missed it!
Are you kidding me!!
Are you kidding meee!
- [ sighs ]
I'm sick of just
sitting here.
- Yeah, well, Schwoz said
that we should
be at the space
station pretty soon--
- I wonder what these
buttons do.
- No wait, no wait, dude,
what are you doing?
Don't start
pushing random--
- What's happening?
- Ahahahaha!
- You made my chair
start to vibraaaaaaaaaate.
- Aw...No fair!
I wanna vibrate!
- It's niiiiiiiiiice.
- Ohhhhhhhhh,
yeahhhhhhh...
- Feels goooooooooood...
- Hey! My voice
sounds weird.
Listen, aaaaaaaaaaaahhhh...
[ vibrating voices ]
[ crash ]
- Ahhh!
- D'oh!
- They just docked
with the space station.
- Hey Schwoz,
I think we just docked
with the space station.
- Oh really?
My goodness,
thanks for the information.
- Okay, you
have a solid pressure lock,
so you are good to enter
the space station.
- Ten-four
good Charlotte.
- We ten-ten
on the side.
- All right kid.
We're about to leave
the Love Shuttle,
and enter
the space station.
- Yep.
I'm up to speed on the story.
- I know,
I'm just sayin'...
We have no idea who or what
hijacked that space station,
and we won't know until we go
in there and look inside.
- Yep...that's all
been clearly established.
- Then let's go do this.
- Waitin' on you.
- Here we go.
- I hope so.
- Set weapons to "stun"...
- ...is this right?
- Uh no, you just
set it to "melt."
You wanna'
melt the space station?
- No, I do not.
- Give it.
Here you go.
- Sorry. Do you wanna go--
- Oh no--
I thought--
- Do you wanna' go first?
- No, you, yeah you..
- I thought you
were gonna--
- All right.
- You go and then I'll go.
- What are you doing?
- Yep right, no--
- you you said, okay yeah.
Oh, wait.
It's on melt.
Okay Kid...
stay cool...
- Ow!
- Ahhhh!
What was that?!?
What's happening?!?
Hey! I think I got
whatever it was
that attacked--ahh,
uhh...
I didn't get it.
- Captain Man?
- Uh, I'm here too.
Kid Danger.
Also relevant.
[ oven bell ]
- Mmm.